the invisible bra from jml is the
amazing new strapless and backless bra
which will also give you the look of a
natural added cup size the two silicon
cups are designed to look and feel real
and will give you a sexy and natural
shape instantly the unique
hypoallergenic adhesive surface means
that the invisible bra is safe and so
easy to use all you need to do is roll
and press and the invisible bra will
stay securely in place the invisible bra
can be worn with lots of different types
of outfits to create that extra-special
look where it with halter neck tops
slashed and low-cut dresses and tops
pando tops backless tops and dresses and
even off-the-shoulder tops the invisible
bra will give you that sexy and
seductive look that's bound to get you
noticed on that important night out and
it's not just great for special
occasions because the invisible bra is
so comfortable you can wear it anytime
unlike other bras there are no tight
straps or under wires which can feel
tight and uncomfortable and because
there are no seams or edges the smooth
contours of the invisible bra will look
fantastic under all fabrics and styles
of clothes the invisible bra is
completely backless so there are
non-cycling see-through straps or bra
showing at the back the clip on the
front of the invisible bra will give you
the cleavage that you've always dreamed
of just place the silicon cuffs further
apart when putting on your invisible bra
then clip them together giving the same
effect as a push-up bra what a
difference conventional strapless bras
can fall out of place or slip down I'm
berra Singh the invisible bra always
stay safe secure and discreet and the
invisible bra will give you the
confidence to wear things that you
normally wouldn't allowing you to
experiment with different fashions and
create unique locks of your own if
you've always struggled to find the
right bra the invisible bra could be the
answer it's easy to remove and it's
washable too it comes in sizes a to b b
to c and
2d and can be used time and time again
you'll feel sexier and more confident
than ever because the invisible bra
enhances your natural cup size get that
sexier look you've always wanted take
your invisible bra to the checkout now